hey guys how's it going I hope you're
having a very good day so today I have a
let's talk video and the first one of
2012 so first of all guys I wanted to
give a shout out and thank you to Kaylee
from else's hoot she mentioned me in a
recent video of hers and it was so
unexpected and surprising I like what's
going on I didn't have that many
subscribers yesterday so Haley thank you
so much for the shoutout I appreciate it
and two new subscribers how's it going
hello my name is Priscilla I read books
I talk about them and this is the let's
talk portion of the readable channel
where we discuss books and things
regarding books and so today we're here
to discuss negative reviews Miss Lee
from booker at misty started this topic
i will leave a link to her channel and
discussion video below she did an
excellent job with her video I thought
her video was well discussed I agree
with a lot of points that Miss D
mentioned and so today I'm just here to
give you my opinion on negative reviews
and my experience doing them so let's
get right into it I am Pro negative
review i do think negative reviews are
helpful in an industry where there are
so many books to be read and to choose
from unless I'm Esther all Deathly
Hallows our current my own whole crux is
I won't be able to you I know it's
really really sad so reviews both
positive and negative i feel help
navigate my way through the good the bad
and the ugly they do you know i just see
negative reviews as a different
perspective on the book and especially
reading a book that I feel is over
height I feel that negative reviews help
adjust my expectations there's also a
subcategory of negative reviews that
fall into the rent category I don't feel
rants or reviews I think rent and
reviews phul on different planes you
know I find rants more on the discussion
side they may be more personal closer to
the heart susceptible to spoilers of
course not always and rants can be over
the top and colorful for the sake of
being entertaining and I do read and
watch rent to see what their thoughts
and opinions are on said topic and less
so as a tool for whether i'm going to
read the book or not and maybe that's
why negative reviews get such a bad rap
because we're ants you fall into the
same pot with negative reviews
I really like to know what you guys
think of rent do you put rent in the
same category as negative reviews do you
find rents helpful or am I just
splitting hairs for me personally I
think they are two different things but
yeah let me know anyways going on to
negative reviews my experience doing
negative reviews you know when I started
my youtube channel I would have at least
one unreadable book a month yeah I know
people would ask me have you given a
book and unreadable writing before and I
would say yeah I have yeah and it wasn't
until mid-2011 that I had a three to
four months been where I had no negative
reviews you know I liked each book that
I was reading and I was thinking am I
losing my edge am I going soft there's
just times where you just read some
really good books one after the other it
happens I know and it's a good thing
also when I do negative reviews I do
consider the audience that is watching I
never want to put down or discourage
anyone who may enjoy the book with that
being said though I don't want to
alienate those who feel the same about
the book that I do we will unite and the
things we dislike it's not going to
change what I'm going to say but how I
say it so there is a difference between
saying yeah your haircut looks bad and
your haircut makes me want to vomit you
know of course those are very extreme
opposites of each other but you get my
drift and you know that's just my style
of how I review as far as checking out
negative reviews I would see comments
like finally an honest review and I
would think a now I don't know about you
guys but maybe there's a perception that
negative reviews hold more value than
positive ones or that being more
critical means or being more honest and
for me personally I do not see it that
way I think both negative and positive
reviews hold the same value for the most
part unless a reviewer is obviously
insincere are disingenuous with the
review I have no reason to think
otherwise of what they're feeling for
the book so that's what's so great about
getting so many different opinions and
thoughts on a book you could have a wide
variety of what stood out to different
people so I think that's really great so
that's my thoughts and opinions on
negative reviews what do you guys think
leave comments below what's important
though when it really comes down to
reviewing
positive and negative is that you have a
really strong foundation reasoning
behind why you liked or didn't like book
and I think as long as you go over
points that really stood out to you that
you liked or disliked then I think
they're being as honest as you can about
the book hopefully people will
understand that you know this is the
internet and of course there will be
opinions that will agree and disagree
there'll be opinions on my opinions I'm
sure I you know gotten six dislikes on
this video I believe that's everything
guys I hope you're having a very good
week and I will talk to you later bye